clickhouse: how to connect to a service with node.js (#1575)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/clickhouse/howto/connect-with-nodejs.rst

Connect to the Aiven for ClickHouse® service with Node.js
=========================================================

Learn how to connect to your Aiven for ClickHouse® service with Node.js using the official Node.js client for connecting to ClickHouse and the HTTPS port.

Pre-requisites
--------------

* `Node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_ in your environment
* `Node.js client for connecting to ClickHouse <https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/integrations/language-clients/nodejs/>`_

.. tip::

    You can install the Node.js client for connecting to ClickHouse using

>     .. code:: java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. code:: shell
```

        npm i @clickhouse/client

Create a client instance

> ------------------------

Reviewer: I would remove this entire section and show directly the code sample that works,
not showing the "just create a client, and here is the full documentation of the client".

===========================     ======================================================================================
Variable                        Description
===========================     ======================================================================================
``CLICKHOUSE_HOST``             ``https://HOST:HTTPS_PORT``, where ``Host`` and ``Port`` for the ClickHouse connection are available in the Aiven console: Service **Overview** > **Connection information** > **ClickHouse HTTPS & JDBC**
``CLICKHOUSE_USER``             ``User`` for the ClickHouse connection available in the Aiven console: Service **Overview** > **Connection information** > **ClickHouse HTTPS & JDBC**
``CLICKHOUSE_PASSWORD``         ``Password`` for the ClickHouse connection available in the Aiven console: Service **Overview** > **Connection information** > **ClickHouse HTTPS & JDBC**
===========================     ======================================================================================

Connect to the service
----------------------

Replace the placeholders in the code with meaningful information on your service connection and run the code.

.. code:: javascript

>     import { createClient } from '@clickhouse/client'
> 
>     const client = createClient({
>     host: process.env.CLICKHOUSE_HOST ?? 'http://localhost:8123',
>     user: process.env.CLICKHOUSE_USER ?? 'default',
>     password: process.env.CLICKHOUSE_PASSWORD ?? '',
>     })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    import { createClient } from '@clickhouse/client'

    const client = createClient({
        host: "CLICKHOUSE_HOST",
        username: "CLICKHOUSE_USER",
        password: "CLICKHOUSE_PASSWORD",
        database: "default",
    })

    const response = await client.query({
        query : "SELECT 1",
        format: "JSONEachRow",
        wait_end_of_query: 1,
    })

    const data = await response.json()
    console.log(data)
```
Modified to go directly to "copy that and it works".
